---
tags: [email]
people: [frances-tuncel, bernie]
date: 2012-09-08
time: 16:43
subject: "Re: Some notes"
service: email
---

Frances at 16:43

Hi Bernie,

Sorry for the delay in my reply.  Time keeps getting away from me.

I'm so pleased to hear your job is going well.  I'm sure by now the realize how smart they were to hire you.  Sounds like you've got a very large team already.  I'm sure that will keep you very busy.  Increasing a team's engagement is very tricky business but can be extremely gratifying - and something I believe you will excel at.

As for me - I'm keeping very busy.  I was away in Michigan for a while on vacation and for my parent's 50th anniversary celebration and family reunion. Now I'm busy with lots of projects around the house - not too glamourous but very satisfying.  I don't have any travel planned with Levent, though we are thinking about planning something this winter.  I will help my parents drive back to Florida for the winter at the end of September, so that's sort of a trip.  Its nice to be able to help them out more now that I'm not working.

How is the new school working out for Ryan?  I expect its too soon to tell but I hope he is off to a good start.  I think about the stress all that puts you and Lisa under and I am always hoping that things will take a positive turn soon.  I expect that they will, as I know a number of people who have been through similar challenges.  How are things these days with him?

My girls are fine.  Jeyda really seems to enjoy D2L.  Ayshen is very excited about her last year of school and is already anxious for university. 

I have not heard from any of the folks who were laid off.  I plan to try and connect with  them now that things are settling down for me a bit.  I do have lunch planned with Jer and Julie next week.  That should be fun.  I ran into Julie at Sobeys.  She seemed to be settled into her new role much better and was enjoying it.  She felt more significant layoffs were around the corner though.

How's it going with SAL?  That made me smile when I read it.

I hope all is well with you.  I think of you often and hope your new job is continuing to go well!