---
tags: [email]
people: [frances-tuncel, bernie]
date: 2018-01-05
time: 09:34
subject: "Re: Happy New Year!!"
service: email
---

Frances at 09:34

Hi Bernie!

Happy New Year to you as well!  Its so great to hear from you!  I'm pleased to hear your family is doing well.  That's wonderful news about Lisa's promotion and even better news that she has found a good surgeon.  I hope everything goes well in March and this week with the laser procedure.

Ryan's work injury sounds pretty serious. Did you consider reporting it?  Employers need to be held accountable, but I understand it can sometimes be more trouble than its worth.   Sounds like Ryan is settling down somewhat.  That must give you a little peace of mind.  

My girls are doing well.  Ayshen just started her last term.  Assuming all goes well she will finish her Public Health degree in April.  Jeyda has been working at Shopify for the last 1.5 years.  Before that she was at Vidyard and Quarry (each for about a year or so).  She really loves it at Shopify so I expect she will stay put for a while.  She bought a condo in downtown Kitchener and after living there for a year moved in with her boyfriend and rented out her condo.  After about 3 months of living together it was clear things were not going to work out so she broke up and has moved back home until her tenant's lease is up.  I guess that's the boomerang cliche everyone talks about.  Now we have a full house again and are enjoying having her at home.  

We've been doing some traveling.  Levent is on sabbatical and was at Simons Institute at UC Berkeley for the Fall term.  I split my time, half there with him and half at home.  We will spend February in Australia.  All this cold weather has got me really looking forward to that.

I hope things work out well regarding a potential new position (or sticking with your current one).  There are so many tradeoffs and things to consider.  Any company would really be lucky to have you so keep pursuing leads until you find something that will really make you happy.  If I can ever do anything to help don't hesitate to ask.

Take care.  All my best to you and your family,

Frances