---
tags: [email]
people: [bernie, brian-oliver]
date: 2004-07-18
time: 21:39
subject: "RE: Bernie!"
service: email
---

Bernie at 21:39

hi brian, thanks for the note. i've been to RIM a number of times over the past 3 years after i was laid off from nortel but either the timing didn't work out or the fit wasn't right. most recently i was in to see rob kline in mississauga.

i just started a new job downtown t.o. in july so i really wasn't out looking. but, i never turn down the chance to discuss opportunities though :) when is a good time to call you? my cell is 905.580.6666 if you want to me during the day/after work. i may have to call you back since our office is open environment.

also, congrats on your being a director now, that's excellent! anyhow, looking forward to chatting.

all the best, bgj p.s.

-- Original Message -- 

How's it going? I know you interviewed at RIM a while back and based on the luckyones emails, I see you've landed somewhere again. I was wondering if you'd be interested in discussing some opportunities we have here now. Ping me an email and let me know how things are going and whether you'd be interested in discussing things.

Regards, Brian Oliver Director, WLAN and VoIP Software Development Research In Motion Limited 305 Phillip Street, Waterloo, Ontario N2L 5Z5

Email: boliver@rim.com

Phone: +1 519 888 7465 x 5728

Fax: +1 519 888 6906 www.rim.com This transmission may contain confidential or privileged material. Any use of this information by anyone other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you have received this transmission in error, please immediately reply to the sender and delete this information from your system. Use, dissemination, distribution, or reproduction of this transmission by unintended recipients is not authorized and may be unlawful.

