---
tags: [note]
people: [bernie, alex-barnes]
date: 2002-08-09
---

Hey Bernie, it was great to meet with you yesterday.

I was unable to find that network model I'd mentioned to you.  I seem to
remember it was called 'Avogadro' or something, but I can't find it now...
oh well.

Anyway, that book I mentioned on change management is called, "The Dance of Change" by Peter Senge.  However, given that you are probably quite busy and that you like to network, perhaps it would be more efficient and enjoyable if I ask one of my classmates who has taken the change management course to meet with you to give you some useful ideas in the area.  Let me know if you are interested.

A much shorter book (and one I have actually read) that I would recommend is the one I bought yesterday after meeting with you.  My Prof for our
project recommended it; it's called "The Tipping Point" by Malcolm Gladwell.  The book was so compelling that I finished it in 2 days. Essentially, it analyses the spread of ideas, fashion, crime trends, etc by analogy to epidemics.  The author comes up with 3 main themes: The Law of the Few; Stickiness; and the Power of Context.

The Law of the Few shows that there are 3 types of people instrumental in causing massive shifts in belief, behaviour, crime, etc: Connectors, Mavens and Salespeople.  The stickiness concept is analogous to the residency of an illness: the stickier the idea, the more memorable it is and the more effectively a connector, maven or salesperson will pass it on.  Finally, the power of context shows how making minor changes to the context have massive effects (I'm still trying to understand this one fully).

You'd mentioned that you had some whitepapers or draft proposals of ideas for contact management info; I'd love to read them.