---
tags: [note]
people: [bernie, alex-barnes]
date: 2003-12-14
---

Bernie, you need customers with three characteristics:
-they place a high value on their list of contacts -they need to keep details of their contacts private -they can determine what software they use

And a fourth vital characteristic is that they have the money (or other
resources) to pay for your product.

Your ideal customer segment is: Journalists!

As an added bonus, they can promote the hell out of your product and some of them are even unionized (which meets points 3 and 4 above, plus can give you a large, loyal customer base).

So, I know a few journalists, but I'd love to develop more contacts (actually, this is my current area of focus).

Let me know what you think,

 -Alex


---

Excellent!  So, here's my advice on the whole funding issue.

Sorry to say, but you're going to have to give something away!

If you go the VC route, you'll end up giving a helluva lot away, since they are negotiations mavens (ask Mike Montemurro about this).

Thus, your next avenue could be to pick an influential group to pre-sell the product to at a discount.  Journalists are perfect, because of the viral marketing aspect you mentioned.  Also, they are used to special treatment, so they wouldn't be very profitable anyway.

Finally, as you well know from "Crossing the Chasm", smaller is better.
>From a social networks point of view, a small network with frequent
communications between nodes is much more valuable than a large, infrequently communicating network -- that's the whole point of your software, right?

Furthermore, social networks have a strong correlation to geography (just my guess), so do journalists.  So, my advice is to go after Toronto-based journalists.  Talk to some of the editorial and journalist unions (Star and Sun, I think).  Get them to advance you $200,000 in exchange for something of value to them (we need to figure out what this is!!!).  As well, if you can definitely have this ready for the Federal election, signing an exclusive use agreement with one of the major parties now could get you the cash you need (not to mention widespread adoption).

Another idea is to get as much monetary buy-in from all the groups listed below in exchange for something of value.  Perhaps 6-18 month exclusive use by one organization in each industry would do.  Also, since you are located in Toronto and your time is of immense value, try to line up deals that require very little in the way of travel (this will save $ too).

Let's keep discussing this and we should be able to put together an action plan for you by Christmas,

 -Alex
