---
tags: [email]
people: [bernie, alex-barnes, derrick-cho]
date: 2003-12-14
time: 18:50
subject: "RE: Key customer segment for RealizeNetworks"
service: email
---

Bernie at 18:50

hi alex, journalists are one of our target segments but it's very small compared to the others we're initially targeting.

for example in the U.S. with the industries we looked at, there are 65,000 reporters/journalists and 1,340,000 sales people.

here's the industries we looked at: Personnel Supply Services Insurance Real Estate Financial Services - Securites & Commodities Mgt & Public Relations Services Media Radio, TV & Publisher Adv Reps Radio & TV Broadcasting Stns Cable & Other Pay TV Services Motion Picture Production and Allied Services Hospitality - Hotels & Motels Membership Organizations the other characteristic is that they move between companies more frequently than other job categories, just as salespeople, financial advisors, and recruiters do.

we could re-consider journalists around the aspects of viral marketing since they probably travel a fair bit and would be good mavens.

i'm cc'ng derrick (a partner) in case he has additional comments.

-- Original Message -- 

Bernie, you need customers with three characteristics: - they place a high value on their list of contacts - they need to keep details of their contacts private - they can determine what software they use And a fourth vital characteristic is that they have the money (or other resources) to pay for your product.

Your ideal customer segment is: Journalists!

As an added bonus, they can promote the hell out of your product and some of them are even unionized (which meets points 3 and 4 above, plus can give you a large, loyal customer base).

So, I know a few journalists, but I'd love to develop more contacts (actually, this is my current area of focus).

Let me know what you think, -Alex

