---
tags: [note]
people: [bernie, alex-barnes]
date: 2004-01-07
---

> thx alex. we're not dead so feeback on the bus plan would be 
> great. and i don't want you stealing my stuff either  and 
> the market is well underway so that risk is already there ... 

Sure thing.  I probably mentioned this before, but it may be worth repeating: focus on the customers with the greatest pain.  The really neat thing with your business is that those with the most pain are likely also those who can help you the most.

I'd talk to a few people like Donna Messer who could really use your product and prepare a "requirements doc" (yeah, one of those boring things).  Once you have these for each of your potential niche markets, you can then decide which ones to go after first.

Keep in mind the fallacy of the "average customer": no one will buy a new technology that only meets 80% of their needs.  If you design for the average customer, you get a "one-size fits all" that fits nobody. As one Ford exec remarked, "your average customer has one tit and one ball!".

I know you have lots of really great prototypes and development already, but the key to winning the market is the market research.  Fortunately, this is quite inexpensive, since people with real, genuine pain
desparately want to talk to you.  They NEED a solution yesterday.  If you light that fire of possiblity, they'll be more excited about the product than you are.

Individually, they would not be able to pay for the entire product (or they'd do it themselves).  However, by asking them "how much would you expect to pay for this?" you'll get a good idea of what your sales
volumes will need to be.  Also, it leads to follow up questions to probe for value-added or valueless features (i.e. "would you pay more if it had X?  What if we removed Y, would you still buy it at Z?").

The beauty of this is that you seed the market and establish yourself as an expert in solving this pain.  This is exponentially more important when your target customers are networkers themselves.

Does this make sense, or is it sounding like MBA mumbo-jumbo?

 -Alex

P.S. Do you know any really good hardware people?  I've got a number of product ideas I'd like to explore with an EE or someone like that. Also, I need to find out more about patents, IP law, etc.






