---
tags: [note]
people: [bernie, alex-barnes]
date: 2021-04-30
---

Hey Bernie, we haven't talked in a while! What have you been up to?

Thanks,

 -Alex

---

Hey Bernie, we haven't talked in a while! What have you been up to? Thanks,

Me: Hi Alex, so awesome to hear from you! I've been at Cogeco for almost 9 years which is kind of crazy but they treated me well. On the personal side, we're now grandparents to an awesome 2 year old girl. Our son and the Mom are not together but we get to see the little one every Sun. How about yourself? Hope all is good and that you are healthy

Alex: It's awesome you are grandparents! Sad that the little girl's mommy and daddy are separated though. I bet she loves seeing you on Sundays! We are all doing reasonably OK. The kids grow so fast -- my eldest is headed off to university in the fall... Do you still keep in touch with Ashley Lindsay at all? Things got so crazy busy when the kids were little that I lost touch with everyone I met at Nortel
    
Me: Thanks Alex! Wow, one of yours is fleeing the coop! Which university and studying which subject? Congrats to them since it's so hard to get in these days.

I talked to Ashley just over a year ago via email. He's doing ok, retired now. I'm so thankful for the reference you gave to him for the Scribe project. It's one of my big regrets in how I handled cancelling the contract with him. He's such an amazing person.

Tell me more about what you've been up to and the family. 

May 3, 2021
Alex: My eldest is going into Mechanical Engineering; it's just a matter of which university. She's been accepted to Ryerson, U Ottawa and McMaster; U of T and Waterloo are still pending -- she didn't get early admission, but also hasn't been outright rejected. I think we find out this month. She's leaning towards McMaster I'm glad you and Ashley still get along. He's still the best boss/PM I've ever had. My wife's still working at Sick Kids as an RN. She's also taken a job as a vaccinator. I'm still working away as a Business Systems Analyst in IT Supply Chain Healthcare at Plexxus. Weirdly, Covid has changed our jobs only slightly...
 
May 4, 2021
Oh, that's so awesome she's already accepted into  3 universities! You and your wife must be so proud. It must be stressful with your wife being an RN during COVID. That's so selfless to do vaccinations, kudos to her! Congrats on still being at Plexxus, that's over a decade I think. Huge accomplishment and BSA can be very challenging and rewarding as you get to know the whole business. 
    
May 11
Thanks!